[core] Batch small changes (#23678)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/system/basics/basics.md

Cons:

- The runtime performance takes a hit.

  | Benchmark case                    | Code snippet          | Time normalized |
  | :-------------------------------- | :-------------------- | --------------- |
  | a. Render 1,000 primitives        | `<div className="…">` | 100ms           |
  | b. Render 1,000 components        | `<Div>`               | 110ms           |
  | c. Render 1,000 styled components | `<StyledDiv>`         | 160ms           |
  | d. Render 1,000 Box               | `<Box sx={…}>`        | 270ms           |

  _Head to the [benchmark folder](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/next/benchmark/browser) for a reproduction of these metrics._

>   We believe that for most web pages, it's **fast enough**. There are simple workarounds when performance becomes critical. For instance, when rendering a list with many items, you can use a CSS child selector to have a single "style injection" point (using d. for the wrapper and a. for each item).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  We believe that for most uses it's **fast enough**, but there are simple workarounds when performance becomes critical. For instance, when rendering a list with many items, you can use a CSS child selector to have a single "style injection" point (using d. for the wrapper and a. for each item).
```
